i used to sit on top of the highest
buildings of chromium
i looked down like a god
you still got them super powers the
power to drink a fifth of whiskey and
not pay for it
[Music]
dad was a storyteller see
it's in our blood why is the punch
holster spaced time hey
oh you the dude who says he's from
another planet you got superpowers right
come on i just want to hear your story
my city was named chromium so that's
where you're from they had to invent
things to hurt me
intelligent asteroids killer robots
super villains see super one more time
oh okay
okay even the whiskey's weaker here
space whiskey
all right look do you have any
superpowers at all
the source of my power doesn't exist
here well you got to fill the kid's head
with
i've always been good to you right to
you and your family
you're risking our lives to hang out
with some homeless man max didn't have
to do any of this to help us
they will find you and they will kill
you so what are we supposed to do
you fight the war
get max fist we're gonna
you look insane
[Music]